---
title: Some reading on some Tech
date: 2021-12-31
last_modified_at: 2021-12-31
categories:
  - Tech
excerpt: As title.
---
# Why

Have a grasp on the trending technology and its implication.   
curiosity only.

# Crytocurrency

## References

[Satoshi Nakamoto - inventor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satoshi_Nakamoto)
[Google scholar, the paper "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System"](https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=HM4m1awAAAAJ)
[bitcoin.org referenced from the Bitcoin paper](https://bitcoin.org/en/faq#who-created-bitcoin)

Below some interesting quotes (some slightly modified -> concise) from the paper.

## Definition

> A purely **peer-to-peer** version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another **without** going through a financial institution - **Satoshi Nakamoto**
> We have proposed a system for electronic transactions without relying on trust. 
> **Digital signatures** provide part of the solution, but the main benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending. We propose a solution to the **double-spending problem** using a **peer-to-peer** network. The network timestamps transactions by hashing them into an **ongoing chain** of hash-based proof-of-work, forming a record that **cannot be changed without redoing the proof-of-wor**k. The **longest** chain not only serves as proof of the sequence of events **witnessed**, but proof that it came from the **largest pool of CPU power**. 
> As long as a **majority** of CPU power is controlled by nodes that are not cooperating to attack the network, they'll generate the longest chain and **outpace attackers**

## Security

> They do not need to be identified, since messages are not routed to any particular place and only need to be delivered on a best effort basis.
> Nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting the proof-of-work chain as proof of what happened while they were gone. They vote with their CPU power, expressing their **acceptance** of valid blocks by working on **extending** them and **rejecting** invalid blocks by **refusing** to **work** on them. 

## Double-Spending 

> Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending.
> To solve double-spending problem. To solve this, we proposed a peer-to-peer network using proof-of-work to record a public history of transactions that quickly becomes computationally impractical for an attacker to change if honest nodes control a majority of CPU power.

> To accomplish this without a trusted party, transactions must be publicly announced [1], and we need a system for participants to agree on a single history of the order in which they were received. The payee needs proof that at the time of each transaction, the majority of nodes agreed it was the first received.

# Bitcoin

# NFTs

# Alpho Go

I played Go. 

