---
title: UNSW 
date: 2021-12-11
categories:
  - UNSW
# tags:
#   - Jekyll
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
---

UNSW Foundation Year(standard, alternative to Year12,non-HSC): 2018.11~2019.07   
Total duration: 2 year (online) + 1 term (in person).

# General thought

2019, the school changed into trimester.
I have seen quite some changes in all courses I did, which all got shorten due to the time constraint. 
I personally think, 13 weeks -> 10 weeks make most courses more of a introductory if you take three courses every term - as you dont have enough time to elaborate more yourself, if you ever take two (I didn't), then probably deeper understanding.
There are overlap between content, e.g. the ML and the DL, general concept such as entropy, KL-divergence are touched many times, which is good.

# General suggestion for early year students

Core courses be done ASAP. Save GE (general education) & FE (free elective). Why? E.g. I finish the GE during summer term due to COVID (didn't go back my home town) which saves times.
Check the offereing term for the core course.
E.g. COMP4920 only offeres at term3 and it is for seng + cs, meaning a lot of students will enrol into it.
COMP3900 better be taken at the very end as it is a capstone project to apply the learned skills.

## Programming

For programming in general, better make a ur own cheatsheet ASAP e.g. one for Python. Why? The common stuffs will be applied through the school and career I suppose.


# UNSW COURSES

Thoughts after finish the Bachalor degree:

# After last term
Pls do below ASAP, school will disable login within a short time, and then I can only access the account via the already login MS teams and from there to manage my MS account.

List of things:

Create Alumni account:
[Reset the password and receive zmail](https://password.zmail.unsw.edu.au/) or [here](https://www.myit.unsw.edu.au/services/alumni/email-alumni)

- Backup school Microsoft account ASAP
  - OneDrive
  - Outlook
  - OneNote (if any)
  - MS Teams
    - what I did is simply use the FullPage chrome extension, then scroll to the top of those chats history I want to save, and make a looong screenshot. Pls remember to disable its permission of accessing all data after use.
- Documents
  - Acadamic transcript
  - completion letter
  - graudation certificate
  - #TODO
  
- More
  - Summarise what has been learnt into something like a blog, maybe? connect the dots.

# Others

Recall: The free airport pickup by UNSW by red2go, takes a 30mins road to 3hrs, since they follow the order of most visited to least, thou I am the first being picked up. At that time, too tired to mention it.
