---
title: Reading
date: 2022-11-13
last_modified_at: 2022-11-13
tags:
  - Blog
excerpt: \#readig \#ppl \#people \#quotes
---

# research 

Andrej Karpathy 
> Maximizing variance.  
> [A Survival Guide to a PhD](http://karpathy.github.io/2016/09/07/phd/)

Yoshua Bengio
> read many papers in various domain after undergraduate & attend the NN meeting for "summer school".

Hinton
> Titled as: Engineering Fellow, Google

# time

Albert Einstein
> If i am the god, how would i solve the problem

Isaac Newton

> If I can see further, thats only because I stand on the should of a giant  
> “I	don’t	know	what	I	may	seem	to	the	world,” “but,	as	to	myself,	I	seem	to	have	been	only	like	a	boy	playing	on	the seashore,	and	diverting	myself	in	now	and	then	finding	a	smoother pebble	or	a	prettier	shell	than	ordinary,	whilst	the	great	ocean	of	truth lay	all	undiscovered	before	me.”

# tech

Mark Zuckberg in Lex Fridman interview
> Try be useful 

Elon 
> one day we will be on Mars, watch the sun rise from the east, and the earth and moon rise from the west.

Steve Jobs

> You cannot connect the dots looking forward.

> The good copy, the great steal

> I would ask myself, if todays is my last day, would I do the things I am doing, if the answer is no for too many days in a row, then change

# sport

Khabib Nurmagomedov
> train, eat, sleep, repeat.  
> if king kong can make 155, lets go
> 
Ronnie Coleman 
> Yeah Buddy Light weight baby

David Goggins
> Stay hard
> so?

Conor Mcgregor
> I come here not to take part, I am here to take over.

Deontay Wilder
> King takes king, I want Joshua

# act

Cillian Murphy
> Not using social media - too old for that.

# more

US SEAL Navy
> Hell week


# More research

- "read 150 abstract a day to find ideas"

