---
title: UNSW 
date: 2021-12-11
categories:
  - UNSW
# tags:
#   - Jekyll
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
---
USYD

Enrolment can check prereq

UNSW Foundation Year(standard, alternative to Year12,non-HSC): 2018.11~2019.07   
Total duration: 2 year (online) + 1 term (in person).


# General suggestion for early year students

Core courses be done ASAP. Save GE (general education) & FE (free elective). Why? E.g. I finish the GE during summer term due to COVID (didn't go back my home town) which saves times.
Check the offereing term for the core course.
E.g. COMP4920 only offeres at term3 and it is for seng + cs, meaning a lot of students will enrol into it.
COMP3900 better be taken at the very end as it is a capstone project to apply the learned skills.

## Programming

For programming in general, better make a ur own cheatsheet ASAP e.g. one for Python. Why? The common stuffs will be applied through the school and career I suppose.


# UNSW COURSES

Thoughts after finish the Bachalor degree:

# 2019 T3

As the only term that is in-person during my Bacholr degree (luckily have an extra year with UNSW during Foundation year/Year12).
Recall: Prof Richard Buckland, before I began my uni studies, I, at 2019, watched his youtube videos about intro of programming(COMP1917 back then) that is published 10 years ago. That time, his hair is still less gray until I met him in person twice in COMP1511 and MATH1081 where our Lecurer Marc Chee and Daniel received their best teacher award by students. What's funny is that: Both Marc and Daniel told us that they were  student of Richard back in those days when he is a lecturer. One example I still recall one is his talks about testing. He made an analogy that instead of firing a cannonball with high precision that takes a lot of time towards the warship (the bugs), u can fire multiple times.
The 1081 tutor mentioned that we were so luck since he has been teaching for a while still havent see him in person since he is known to be busy.
Remember Chee said to us, he wants us to make the reading experience of our code similar to a book. And so I end up manully write a TOC for the assignment and manually updates it on that notepad like editor(Quick mark).
# After last term

List of things:
- Backup school Microsoft account ASAP
  - OneDrive
  - Outlook
  - OneNote (if any)
- Documents
  - Acadamic transcript
  - completion letter
  - graudation certificate
  - #TODO
- More
  - Summarise what has been learnt into something like a blog, maybe? connect the dots.