---
title: My Courses Reviews - with blogs
date: 2022-11-18
categories:
  - USYD
excerpt: This is blog-ish review on each course I did in my bachelor degree in USYD. From 2022 Semester 1 to 2023 S1.
last_modified_at: 2022-11-18
---

Note: currently under construction.

# Semester 1 2022

## COMP5046 Natural Language processing 
Professor Caren. 

Top 3 course in terms of teaching effort and quality among what all courses took.

Side:
The course started at dawn when I can see the fiery cloud go down with the sun - every time when lec started, what a moment.
> lets take a five mins break and come back later. 5 mins later, are u all still here??? wake up, wake up, wake up,
post in the chat if u are still with me. down to student +1M

## COMP5349 Cloud Computing 
Professor Yin. 

Classic asian level final exam.
The last lecture is on time series which is not examinable, I sat there, takes all the notes, (she may notice), then at the final exam section, she told us 
its not examinable. The point is, it is the usefulness that makes me take note and that it make me focus, not for a double digit number anyway. Leave it here because I realised she could tell us beforehand, then I lmao.

## INFO6007 Project Management in IT 

Unfortuntely being a course with so many potential real world usecase, the teaching effort I felt is low comparatively 
with all course I took.

## INFO5990 Professional Practice in IT 

Professor David.


Had a very experienced TA: Andrea in the in-person tut - bless.

# Semester 2 2022

## COMP5048 Visual Analytics 

Professor MASA.


More focus put on the theory in the first few lecture in terms of the composition of graph, which I think is unnessary given in real world, visualisation is more like coding, the more practise and examples being exposed to, the better.

## COMP5328 Advanced Machine Learning	

Professor Liu.

Top 5 lecturer - patient, dont mind answer any questions; Thou the extra content more feel like put it for the exam and fulfill the goal of being 
more comprehensive, those parts are explained less as detailed as the label noise learning part which ofc, most papers searched releated to the lecturer...

Put it here, dont quote me, once in a tut in-person, me and my teammate, asked the TA whether he can explained us noiss transition matrix in our home language, and he said yes and man he delivered it well (10mins after tut finished). I think this is the first time in my whole uni study thou. I heard in the old old days, it is quite common.


## COMP5338 Advanced Data Models 

Professor Yin. 

My first USYD formal in-person lecture, she decided to change to in-person after w5, a billions thumbs up & ty.

## INFO5992 IT Innovation 

Professor Josh. 

Similar to what I mentioned in the project management course.


# Semester 1 2023


